---
permalink: /
title: "About"
excerpt: "About"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---
I am a NASA Postdoctoral Program Fellow at NASA Goddard Space Flight Center
studying exoplanetary systems through high-contrast imaging. My current
research focuses on the use of JWST to search for and characterize outer giant
planets and debris disks around nearby stars. As part of this work, I've led
major studies on the AU Mic and Fomalhaut C debris disk systems, co-authored
many similar studies, and developed the Winnie software: a science-enabling
tool for post-processing and analysis of circumstellar disk systems observed
with JWST.

<p align="center">
  <img src="images/STScI_jwst_aumic_press_release.png" alt="Press release for Lawson et al. (2023)" width="1200"/>
</p>
<em>Press release images of the AU Microscopii debris disk at 3.6 and 4.4 microns as observed by JWST/NIRCam (reported in Lawson et al. 2023).</em>

<p align="center">
<video width="500" controls>
  <source src="images/abaur_deconv_anim.mov" type="video/mp4">
</video>
</p>
<em>Deconvolution of simulated JWST NIRCam coronagraphic observations of the AB
Aurigae protoplanetary disk system using Winnie. NIRCam's shaped pupil produces
a complicated blurring pattern that otherwise all but precludes detailed study
of disk structure. Winnie's deconvolution procedure corrects for this blurring 
to make such studies possible.</em>

Before JWST, I worked with the Subaru Telescope’s SCExAO/CHARIS instrument,
where I developed the spectropolarimetry pipeline and created post-processing
algorithms to enable discoveries like AB Aurigae b, a candidate disk-embedded
protoplanet. My broader work spans planet discovery, atmospheric
characterization, disk characterization, and the development of novel
post-processing algorithms — with the common goal of uncovering how planets
form, evolve, and shape their environments.